{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\uc1 \deff0\deflang1033\deflangfe1033
{\fonttbl {\f0\froman\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 02020603050405020304}Times New Roman;}
{\f1\fswiss\fcharset0\fprq2{\*\panose 020b0604020202020204}Arial;}
{\f2\fmodern\fcharset0\fprq1{\*\panose 02070309020205020404}Courier New;}
{\f3\froman\fcharset2\fprq2{\*\panose 05050102010706020507}Symbol;}
}
{\colortbl;\red0\green0\blue0;\red0\green0\blue255;\red0\green255\blue255;\red0\green255\blue0;\red255\green0\blue255;\red255\green0\blue0;\red255\green255\blue0;\red255\green255\blue255;\red0\green0\blue128;\red0\green128\blue128;\red0\green128\blue0;\red128\green0\blue128;\red128\green0\blue0;\red128\green128\blue0;\red128\green128\blue128;\red192\green192\blue192;}
{\stylesheet
{\widctlpar\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \snext0 Normal;}
{\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1800\margr1800\margt1440\margb1440\gutter0\ltrsect}
{\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 1;}
{\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 2;}
{\s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 3;}
{\s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 4;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext0 heading 5;}{\*\cs10 \additive Default Paragraph Font;}
{\s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext15 Title;}
{\s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext16 Subtitle;}
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext17 BodyText;}
{\s18\widctlpar\fs22\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext18 DenseText;}
{\s28\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext28 header;}
{\s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext29 footer;}
{\s30\li360\sa60\sb120\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext30 GroupHeader;}
{\s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext41 Code Example 0;}
{\s41\li360\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext42 Code Example 1;}
{\s42\li720\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext43 Code Example 2;}
{\s43\li1080\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext44 Code Example 3;}
{\s44\li1440\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext45 Code Example 4;}
{\s45\li1800\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext46 Code Example 5;}
{\s46\li2160\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext47 Code Example 6;}
{\s47\li2520\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext48 Code Example 7;}
{\s48\li2880\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 8;}
{\s49\li3240\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext49 Code Example 9;}
{\s50\li0\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext51 List Continue 0;}
{\s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext52 List Continue 1;}
{\s52\li720\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext53 List Continue 2;}
{\s53\li1080\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext54 List Continue 3;}
{\s54\li1440\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext55 List Continue 4;}
{\s55\li1800\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext56 List Continue 5;}
{\s56\li2160\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext57 List Continue 6;}
{\s57\li2520\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext58 List Continue 7;}
{\s58\li2880\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 8;}
{\s59\li3240\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext59 List Continue 9;}
{\s60\li0\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext61 DescContinue 0;}
{\s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext62 DescContinue 1;}
{\s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext63 DescContinue 2;}
{\s63\li1080\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext64 DescContinue 3;}
{\s64\li1440\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext65 DescContinue 4;}
{\s65\li1800\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext66 DescContinue 5;}
{\s66\li2160\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext67 DescContinue 6;}
{\s67\li2520\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext68 DescContinue 7;}
{\s68\li2880\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 8;}
{\s69\li3240\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext69 DescContinue 9;}
{\s70\li0\sa30\sb30\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 LatexTOC 0;}
{\s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 LatexTOC 1;}
{\s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 LatexTOC 2;}
{\s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 LatexTOC 3;}
{\s74\li1440\sa18\sb18\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 LatexTOC 4;}
{\s75\li1800\sa15\sb15\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 LatexTOC 5;}
{\s76\li2160\sa12\sb12\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 LatexTOC 6;}
{\s77\li2520\sa9\sb9\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 LatexTOC 7;}
{\s78\li2880\sa6\sb6\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 8;}
{\s79\li3240\sa3\sb3\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 LatexTOC 9;}
{\s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext81 \sautoupd List Bullet 0;}
{\s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext82 \sautoupd List Bullet 1;}
{\s82\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1080{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls3\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls3\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext83 \sautoupd List Bullet 2;}
{\s83\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1440{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls4\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls4\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext84 \sautoupd List Bullet 3;}
{\s84\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx1800{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls5\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls5\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext85 \sautoupd List Bullet 4;}
{\s85\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2160{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls6\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls6\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext86 \sautoupd List Bullet 5;}
{\s86\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2520{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls7\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls7\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext87 \sautoupd List Bullet 6;}
{\s87\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx2880{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls8\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls8\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext88 \sautoupd List Bullet 7;}
{\s88\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3240{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls9\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls9\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 8;}
{\s89\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx3600{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls10\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls10\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext89 \sautoupd List Bullet 9;}
{\s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext91 \sautoupd List Enum 0;}
{\s91\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext92 \sautoupd List Enum 1;}
{\s92\fi-360\li1080\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext93 \sautoupd List Enum 2;}
{\s93\fi-360\li1440\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext94 \sautoupd List Enum 3;}
{\s94\fi-360\li1800\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext95 \sautoupd List Enum 4;}
{\s95\fi-360\li2160\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s96\fi-360\li2520\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext96 \sautoupd List Enum 5;}
{\s97\fi-360\li2880\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext98 \sautoupd List Enum 7;}
{\s98\fi-360\li3240\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 8;}
{\s99\fi-360\li3600\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid \sbasedon0 \snext99 \sautoupd List Enum 9;}
}
{\info 
{\title {\comment Szakdolgozat }Szakdolgozat}
{\comment Generated byDoxgyen. }
{\creatim \yr2017\mo10\dy16\hr16\min45\sec44}
}\pard\plain 
\sectd\pgnlcrm
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\vertalc\qc\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s15\qc\sb240\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel0\adjustright \b\f1\fs32\kerning28\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TITLE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Szakdolgozat}}\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
\par
\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par\par
\pard\plain \s16\qc\sa60\widctlpar\outlinelevel1\adjustright \f1\cgrid 
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst AUTHOR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt AUTHOR}}\par
Version \par{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst CREATEDATE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Mon Oct 16 2017 }}\par
\page\page\vertalt
\pard\plain 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Table of Contents\par
\pard\plain \par
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst TOC \\f \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt Table of contents}}\par
\pard\plain 
\sect \sbkpage \pgndec \pgnrestart
\sect \sectd \sbknone
{\footer \s29\widctlpar\tqc\tx4320\tqr\tx8640\qr\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\chpgn}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
szakdolgozat\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v szakdolgozat}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Ez a project a BSc. szakdolgozatom alapja.\par
Ideiglenes t\'F6lt\'E9s am\'EDg a dokument\'E1ci\'F3 gener\'E1l\'E1ssal foglalkozom.\par
Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Cras diam purus, blandit eu pellentesque a, fringilla a arcu. Aliquam laoreet semper nulla sit amet faucibus. Cras id enim ut lectus bibendum malesuada. Aenean condimentum ut nulla non ultricies. Nulla vehicula auctor ullamcorper. Vestibulum nisl nunc, porta nec nunc non, condimentum rutrum est. Sed sit amet posuere nisi. Fusce imperdiet, ipsum nec mollis dictum, nisl tellus dapibus ipsum, ut ultrices lorem ligula vel eros. Aenean consectetur mauris libero. Aenean fermentum, nibh id sodales viverra, est ligula vestibulum neque, eget blandit nulla lacus vel elit. Maecenas lacus quam, porttitor et tortor ut, malesuada rhoncus tortor.\par
Aliquam sit amet dui quam. Fusce fermentum porta hendrerit. Fusce dignissim sapien et metus varius, vitae sollicitudin dolor mollis. Sed at blandit libero. Integer gravida justo vel erat lobortis, in condimentum justo auctor. Ut rhoncus pretium massa, in iaculis lacus. Vivamus non lacus arcu. Nam pellentesque volutpat felis, ut volutpat nisl placerat congue. Morbi sodales lacus non molestie pharetra. Sed vel egestas mauris, vel fermentum lacus. Proin eleifend euismod risus eu blandit. Donec accumsan accumsan congue. Nulla pulvinar justo mauris, vel tristique odio condimentum ut. Suspendisse pretium, dui eu aliquet ultricies, justo erat iaculis urna, eget condimentum erat nunc at ante. Integer rhoncus faucibus lacus a gravida.\par
Suspendisse ligula leo, malesuada pellentesque lacinia vel, vestibulum vel turpis. Donec sit amet neque id ipsum faucibus placerat sed quis erat. Donec porta lectus mi, nec rhoncus ante pretium ac. Nulla vitae nulla augue. Fusce ante nisi, fermentum non faucibus non, consequat ut risus. Nullam posuere aliquam eros, non sollicitudin eros tristique in. Pellentesque lectus massa, ornare vel venenatis sit amet, fringilla eu urna. Donec ullamcorper sed urna a tincidunt.\par
Phasellus convallis ex mi, non porttitor nisi accumsan a. Fusce nulla tellus, mattis ac urna at, semper eleifend velit. Integer bibendum urna ac semper finibus. Curabitur ac varius lectus, nec rutrum dolor. Mauris sagittis nisl eget pellentesque viverra. Nunc metus mi, posuere ut mi ut, efficitur egestas magna. Morbi sit amet dolor tortor. Vivamus in hendrerit felis. In tristique vel elit nec tempor. Nulla facilisi. Proin a quam a orci varius pharetra porttitor sit amet sem. Donec vel blandit felis, mattis consequat mauris. Nulla tortor enim, eleifend in iaculis id, hendrerit sed sapien. Duis et dui in mi pharetra euismod vitae a mi. Nam eu risus hendrerit, eleifend nulla consectetur, interdum turpis.\par
Integer non rhoncus justo. Praesent ut nibh a nunc aliquam bibendum. Aliquam ultrices sed turpis condimentum ultricies. Ut mi quam, luctus et ante vitae, luctus bibendum tellus. Vivamus quis venenatis mi. Duis at est lacinia, suscipit urna a, suscipit nisi. Fusce malesuada eu turpis nec vestibulum. Proin elementum non enim non semper. Integer at nulla turpis. Donec accumsan ultricies neque vel vulputate. Nunc rhoncus mauris non ante elementum, nec pharetra mi fermentum. Sed nisl tortor, feugiat et diam ac, dapibus iaculis ligula. Ut mattis dictum vulputate.\par
Quisque porta orci ut nunc commodo ornare. Aenean in lectus et nisi bibendum varius vitae sit amet augue. Aliquam est velit, pretium ac orci vitae, sodales finibus sem. Aliquam nec facilisis erat. Curabitur interdum facilisis arcu, ac pulvinar orci vehicula sed. Cras quis nisl ut augue feugiat egestas eget at lacus. Curabitur odio lacus, faucibus sit amet condimentum nec, varius at augue. Pellentesque id bibendum mauris. Sed nec maximus libero. Pellentesque a imperdiet lectus. Maecenas tincidunt justo id purus suscipit, ac rhoncus velit interdum. Etiam ullamcorper enim accumsan lorem consectetur semper. Ut eleifend ligula purus, vel eleifend nunc ullamcorper sit amet.\par
Ut est lectus, tempus eu mauris ullamcorper, cursus blandit nunc. Phasellus eu ullamcorper sem. Sed nec ullamcorper sem, vitae pulvinar mi. Donec pellentesque vitae nibh sed volutpat. Duis sem nulla, molestie at quam eget, aliquet euismod nulla. Vivamus semper finibus mi. Vestibulum in imperdiet ligula. Vestibulum quis iaculis nulla.\par
Donec efficitur luctus ornare. Vivamus efficitur bibendum justo ut aliquet. Morbi sit amet risus lobortis, lacinia quam nec, sollicitudin urna. Nunc vulputate lacus sed tortor imperdiet volutpat. Vivamus pulvinar aliquam ipsum. Sed ut pharetra eros. Aliquam at sodales enim. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Ut gravida sapien ac ipsum fermentum, in varius nisi porta. Nam placerat, tellus aliquam rhoncus tempor, tortor lectus rhoncus risus, quis vestibulum eros odio vel eros. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Donec in massa quis leo tempor rhoncus. Quisque vitae diam ligula. Pellentesque pellentesque ex sed viverra bibendum. Nunc laoreet turpis ex, sit amet volutpat velit suscipit et.\par
Nulla iaculis dui nec dolor mollis, sed molestie nibh iaculis. Nullam rhoncus justo eu elit pretium, quis ultrices sem fermentum. Vestibulum elementum quam sit amet varius porttitor. Nam at viverra arcu. Suspendisse potenti. In tempus nisi at leo ullamcorper, eget egestas sem malesuada. Sed id mauris fermentum, hendrerit tellus id, ornare risus. Curabitur eu diam varius, placerat leo sed, tincidunt purus. Pellentesque dictum felis eget luctus aliquam. In eu ipsum non nunc porta consectetur aliquet in nisi.\par
Nunc ut ante in ante fermentum venenatis. Etiam at mattis orci, sed viverra eros. Nam varius semper mauris, quis placerat augue placerat eu. In semper a metus sit amet porttitor. Aenean nec neque magna. Quisque bibendum vehicula lorem, in hendrerit risus vestibulum quis. Aliquam malesuada aliquam imperdiet. Vivamus luctus nisi et iaculis placerat. Sed ullamcorper, felis a lacinia mattis, ligula ligula vehicula massa, nec posuere mauris enim nec purus. Pellentesque tristique rutrum nibh pharetra vehicula. Duis non cursus magna.\par
Phasellus aliquet neque placerat, semper nisi non, iaculis odio. Nam dictum blandit tempus. Pellentesque ultrices purus at augue laoreet imperdiet. Ut neque dolor, ornare sit amet convallis dictum, rutrum eget justo. Maecenas dignissim volutpat ornare. Nullam velit lacus, porta iaculis lacinia consequat, vulputate sit amet diam. Praesent sed purus imperdiet, faucibus urna eu, porttitor elit. Nunc ac ex porta, malesuada nulla eu, feugiat est. Cras vehicula elit et massa vulputate mattis ac at nibh. Aliquam erat volutpat. Fusce tincidunt magna sed felis viverra sodales. Donec in risus tempus, accumsan justo a, pulvinar ligula.\par
Aenean dictum eu erat a venenatis. Nunc ac volutpat velit. Cras eget mollis turpis, ac volutpat enim. Praesent imperdiet magna et lorem laoreet, vel ullamcorper elit porta. Suspendisse condimentum sollicitudin sagittis. Suspendisse tempor, felis et feugiat condimentum, augue enim bibendum dolor, aliquet cursus erat metus a neque. Maecenas tortor quam, faucibus in ligula quis, ullamcorper scelerisque nulla. Nunc at condimentum lacus, eu tempor neque. In nec metus odio. Nam justo est, pulvinar sed vehicula in, varius a nibh. Cras consequat a nisl et facilisis. Mauris sapien urna, hendrerit nec diam et, luctus varius tellus. Integer a tincidunt erat. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Pellentesque eu congue diam.\par
Phasellus suscipit sodales pharetra. Donec turpis turpis, eleifend in quam ut, semper placerat tortor. Vestibulum condimentum commodo enim vel dictum. Ut dolor dolor, semper at volutpat id, commodo et neque. Nulla at lacinia ipsum, laoreet dictum sem. Nulla facilisi. Etiam quam quam, gravida ac porttitor in, vehicula sit amet enim. Cras laoreet aliquam ligula.\par
Ut lobortis turpis ipsum, ut vulputate augue auctor mattis. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Fusce tempor vulputate nulla a bibendum. Vestibulum efficitur vehicula libero, et consequat mauris euismod ac. Morbi pretium vitae tellus vel feugiat. Donec risus purus, porta ac pretium non, commodo sit amet lorem. Fusce tempor nunc sollicitudin quam tempus, sed lobortis massa molestie. Pellentesque elementum bibendum viverra. Vivamus condimentum fringilla tincidunt.\par
Nullam vel vehicula ipsum. Nunc a justo lacus. Nullam porta congue bibendum. Suspendisse eget elit ut libero euismod interdum. Curabitur sed neque sem. Integer a quam blandit, fringilla ante id, faucibus nulla. Proin in enim lacinia, volutpat arcu sit amet, sodales nulla. Morbi dapibus turpis augue, eget tempor odio pellentesque eget. Ut cursus dolor eu turpis suscipit scelerisque. Nunc in justo massa. Aliquam nibh nisl, ultricies et iaculis eget, feugiat id nunc. Nam ullamcorper dolor sed ante aliquet, a viverra justo consequat.\par
Donec mauris sapien, viverra suscipit auctor vitae, mattis quis nulla. Sed a tortor vitae ipsum mattis imperdiet at ut dolor. Pellentesque vitae dui tortor. Phasellus erat ipsum, lobortis nec sagittis ac, imperdiet non quam. Morbi vehicula enim nec ullamcorper convallis. Pellentesque commodo nulla eu sem iaculis, vitae viverra purus luctus. Suspendisse nisi justo, egestas eget rhoncus ac, semper nec sapien. Proin auctor neque scelerisque est gravida suscipit. Pellentesque semper vehicula urna, et faucibus lectus ultrices id. Integer consectetur, ipsum in pulvinar consequat, quam elit tristique eros, eget varius dolor arcu sit amet diam.\par
Ut neque neque, tincidunt in leo vitae, interdum scelerisque purus. Maecenas sit amet pellentesque sapien. Quisque aliquam scelerisque felis. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; In pretium imperdiet neque. Quisque tincidunt mi dolor, eget rutrum turpis mattis quis. Fusce a orci arcu. Sed semper ipsum ut eleifend aliquet.\par
Integer vel ex diam. Nam molestie sem aliquet lacus accumsan, quis mollis nibh iaculis. In quis porttitor nibh. Donec luctus congue sem vitae tincidunt. Proin a eleifend mauris, eu placerat leo. Nunc ornare tortor faucibus eros rhoncus posuere. Curabitur imperdiet pretium tortor quis volutpat. Nunc egestas mollis velit quis viverra. Quisque vitae lacinia nunc. Quisque at arcu malesuada, euismod augue ut, vulputate libero. Pellentesque id nisi nec justo pharetra condimentum. Phasellus elementum faucibus magna, et hendrerit ligula tristique ut. Duis eu eleifend nibh. Nullam tristique vestibulum felis, at bibendum massa placerat ut. Phasellus lacinia fermentum metus, in iaculis metus lacinia id.\par
Curabitur ornare erat enim, non ornare mauris vehicula fermentum. Nulla cursus nec dui et venenatis. Aliquam semper eleifend maximus. Cras pulvinar porta nunc vitae auctor. Aliquam in purus tempus, facilisis diam vel, venenatis libero. Nulla pellentesque mauris sed dolor tincidunt euismod. Quisque lacinia tellus ullamcorper, vulputate odio ornare, pretium orci.\par
Sed vehicula risus sed nibh ullamcorper hendrerit feugiat a ligula. Vestibulum ante risus, luctus et suscipit id, euismod sed justo. Etiam non eros id dui congue venenatis finibus nec elit. Pellentesque commodo commodo arcu dictum suscipit. Vestibulum et quam fermentum, dapibus arcu vitae, placerat ligula. Donec mollis, quam vel sollicitudin porta, ex mi pellentesque sapien, et pulvinar tortor velit non mauris. Aliquam congue placerat ipsum quis euismod. Donec turpis sem, gravida feugiat fringilla id, dignissim at erat. Nulla id consectetur tortor. In eget mauris eu lacus posuere lacinia. Proin convallis nunc ac facilisis ullamcorper.\par
Sed mattis pharetra dui, a consectetur nunc aliquet et. Nulla vel elit eu augue scelerisque pulvinar et eget est. Sed vel est rhoncus, elementum diam vel, accumsan dolor. Sed ullamcorper diam vulputate, posuere lacus ultrices, sodales turpis. Phasellus egestas facilisis sapien vitae mattis. Aliquam ullamcorper tristique purus eu efficitur. Morbi suscipit sapien id eros fermentum condimentum. Nullam gravida neque at lectus accumsan mattis. Maecenas gravida accumsan eros sed elementum. Integer lectus ligula, mattis vel sapien eget, dignissim dictum ligula. Nullam sodales libero eget bibendum faucibus. Fusce lobortis nibh vel luctus luctus. Sed fringilla, augue et vulputate imperdiet, tellus dolor pharetra ipsum, ut luctus leo dui vitae nulla. Donec sed blandit metus.\par
Nam vitae dictum sem, id varius tellus. Fusce nec sagittis justo. Nullam vulputate enim id sapien posuere, eu blandit ligula molestie. Curabitur eleifend velit orci, id rhoncus ligula suscipit eget. Quisque laoreet, elit sed aliquet interdum, tortor est pretium sapien, eu faucibus est nunc vel augue. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Vestibulum nisl tortor, faucibus hendrerit dictum at, fringilla eget arcu. Aliquam sodales quam vitae risus molestie, ac ornare nulla molestie. Aliquam erat volutpat. Duis viverra, leo non facilisis scelerisque, lorem libero vestibulum nisi, sed mattis turpis tellus at nunc. Etiam nec nunc at turpis suscipit sagittis sit amet eu nunc. Donec interdum quam magna, eu fermentum dolor egestas ut. Mauris volutpat, lacus at porttitor suscipit, diam ex mattis erat, vel imperdiet purus dui ut mauris. Nam scelerisque semper urna.\par
Aenean arcu lacus, condimentum id metus a, luctus accumsan neque. Mauris mi turpis, porttitor id suscipit at, dapibus eu orci. Curabitur luctus fermentum hendrerit. Duis luctus at ipsum vitae commodo. Nulla posuere, velit mollis sagittis accumsan, felis dui pretium risus, quis aliquet est libero at justo. Nulla felis orci, tempus ac felis id, imperdiet euismod diam. Pellentesque non urna semper, luctus dui ac, auctor urna. Sed blandit elit id lobortis rhoncus.\par
Integer posuere hendrerit commodo. Cras interdum convallis luctus. Donec eu blandit nibh. Etiam sed turpis convallis, pharetra velit sit amet, fermentum velit. Nunc fringilla semper nisi, tempor gravida dui laoreet ac. Duis placerat gravida tortor, sit amet ornare tellus placerat et. Pellentesque lectus sem, fermentum at lorem eget, imperdiet semper metus. Mauris quis porttitor metus, non scelerisque orci. Etiam vehicula lacus in massa cursus sollicitudin. Ut elit felis, auctor at consequat ut, malesuada tincidunt ante. Nunc dapibus luctus ipsum, sed fermentum metus maximus nec. Nam sit amet aliquam odio, id aliquam quam. Duis porta, nunc in molestie suscipit, enim mauris commodo risus, et pellentesque urna velit ac augue.\par
Morbi dignissim porttitor ante. Donec semper justo sed iaculis cursus. Sed lacinia nibh at leo mollis tristique. Sed at leo feugiat, convallis quam non, aliquam sem. Mauris eu justo efficitur, consectetur odio sed, pretium ante. Nunc tincidunt gravida commodo. Curabitur rutrum, leo auctor posuere eleifend, felis nulla bibendum est, id aliquam mi risus ac diam. Maecenas pellentesque, libero eget finibus fringilla, lorem enim placerat lacus, ac imperdiet sem tortor vel justo. Ut vel posuere diam. Nunc tempus blandit luctus. Sed condimentum semper fringilla. Morbi dapibus sit amet ante sit amet suscipit. Mauris eu rhoncus tortor.\par
Suspendisse et posuere risus, at interdum eros. Aliquam eu libero ac velit hendrerit accumsan nec vel nulla. Pellentesque sollicitudin, massa nec dictum auctor, mauris nunc posuere mauris, in pretium leo nunc feugiat mauris. Ut tristique aliquet lorem, non vehicula ante imperdiet quis. In nec quam eros. Etiam tincidunt leo a interdum ultricies. Pellentesque habitant morbi tristique senectus et netus et malesuada fames ac turpis egestas. Donec eu augue quis leo malesuada mollis. Nunc et erat aliquet, ullamcorper elit ac, iaculis velit. Nullam molestie, dui bibendum maximus pharetra, erat ante finibus justo, at egestas elit eros in massa. Nulla in enim quam. Praesent fermentum, ex aliquam ultricies efficitur, arcu nunc pharetra lectus, et placerat ipsum tortor at quam. Aenean ac tortor nec orci gravida molestie.\par
Mauris sollicitudin justo quam, aliquam pellentesque turpis efficitur eu. Vivamus in lorem enim. Vestibulum placerat sagittis mauris, non suscipit neque ullamcorper et. Donec ante tellus, semper vel eleifend cursus, scelerisque at erat. Sed dui neque, faucibus at dapibus vitae, vestibulum et dui. Praesent in porttitor nisi. Donec dictum magna non quam mattis, faucibus dictum arcu imperdiet. Etiam ullamcorper iaculis tristique. Aliquam sed nisi at augue ornare tempor nec in sapien. Nullam pulvinar dolor et sagittis lobortis. Duis lacinia, turpis sed tempor semper, ex lacus maximus sem, vel volutpat ante massa et augue. Nam elementum auctor venenatis.\par
Aliquam a enim sed metus blandit sollicitudin. Ut euismod neque sed justo lobortis ullamcorper quis ac ipsum. Etiam consequat mattis lacus, eu elementum nisl consequat sit amet. Morbi vehicula quam turpis, et placerat justo rhoncus id. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Vivamus tempus quam nec arcu lobortis posuere. Cras nisi nulla, dignissim et est nec, auctor posuere urna. Phasellus eget diam a justo tempus hendrerit vel et ex. Curabitur mattis, ante ut luctus blandit, ligula lacus tristique risus, at euismod augue sem a elit. Aliquam eget aliquet lorem.\par
Pellentesque ullamcorper massa et ante sodales placerat. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Proin risus diam, aliquam auctor pulvinar vel, pellentesque ut sapien. Sed placerat sem eget fermentum tincidunt. Mauris commodo tristique posuere. Donec molestie scelerisque dui, at tincidunt orci. Duis ut lacinia magna, in vestibulum odio. Sed ornare fringilla ligula et commodo.\par
Phasellus molestie pharetra venenatis. Suspendisse a magna quis neque vestibulum rhoncus. Suspendisse potenti. Nunc sit amet facilisis justo. Nulla libero tellus, porta sit amet egestas a, consequat at felis. Cras feugiat, urna vitae aliquet sagittis, leo est maximus ipsum, vel maximus nunc felis at purus. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus. Suspendisse elementum blandit pulvinar. Maecenas lacinia diam eu rhoncus pharetra. Aenean auctor velit tortor, vitae placerat nisi dignissim eu. Phasellus id gravida tortor. Aliquam dui mi, lobortis et dolor eu, tincidunt ultricies ante. Donec id quam vitae nisi venenatis elementum. Nulla fringilla posuere dolor in maximus.\par
Morbi sit amet ultricies diam, nec egestas diam. Nam sagittis convallis imperdiet. Nulla pretium consequat mauris sed rutrum. Curabitur vulputate sit amet nulla nec interdum. Ut ac vulputate mi, id maximus purus. Donec efficitur lacinia purus quis lobortis. Integer varius imperdiet massa. Sed efficitur aliquam augue, tristique aliquam eros. Praesent cursus elementum nulla, nec gravida mauris vehicula vitae. In vulputate sollicitudin lorem id porttitor.\par
Nulla id venenatis ipsum. Nam elementum ac est id rhoncus. Integer tempor, turpis ac accumsan bibendum, enim ligula malesuada est, vitae facilisis lectus magna a massa. Proin eu scelerisque mi, eu cursus felis. Donec ipsum turpis, eleifend volutpat auctor ac, congue in odio. Nunc ut imperdiet nunc. Orci varius natoque penatibus et magnis dis parturient montes, nascetur ridiculus mus.\par
Donec pulvinar erat vitae aliquam cursus. Maecenas a tellus a purus suscipit convallis. Duis at gravida eros. Sed rutrum ac arcu quis tincidunt. Nullam tincidunt, lectus sed sollicitudin volutpat, turpis erat viverra mauris, sit amet mollis quam leo vitae nunc. Donec scelerisque sodales arcu quis bibendum. Sed at tellus viverra, commodo nisi vel, varius ex. Phasellus euismod pellentesque tellus. Vivamus feugiat mattis venenatis. Integer ac odio ac arcu molestie semper malesuada vitae magna. Quisque a fermentum tortor, sit amet blandit lorem. Aliquam dictum ex vitae facilisis aliquam. Aliquam erat volutpat.\par
Mauris nisi elit, feugiat ac suscipit ac, tempor nec eros. Morbi commodo neque nec lorem porttitor auctor. Mauris in accumsan diam, sit amet efficitur turpis. Praesent feugiat ante nulla, eu feugiat nisl lacinia vel. Maecenas gravida vulputate efficitur. Vivamus ornare magna id urna pulvinar egestas. Quisque id nisi ut arcu efficitur fermentum. Nulla suscipit auctor elit, a dictum tortor mollis ac.\par
Praesent convallis, ipsum in sagittis placerat, elit diam consectetur est, at volutpat libero velit sed quam. Morbi malesuada dignissim purus. Curabitur odio odio, rutrum id consectetur non, dictum ut orci. Sed consequat purus quis convallis porta. Ut lacinia dolor magna, a placerat purus tempus vitae. Nam at accumsan nunc. Vestibulum et diam sed urna elementum egestas. In nibh ipsum, euismod id mi nec, luctus iaculis orci. Praesent placerat malesuada erat, sed consequat sapien facilisis a. Suspendisse vitae ipsum eget ex aliquam aliquam. Vestibulum ac porttitor arcu, at rutrum dui. Nunc vitae fringilla ex, quis mollis sapien. Suspendisse neque mi, varius non convallis non, laoreet id mauris. Curabitur vestibulum rhoncus fringilla. In maximus felis imperdiet egestas ultrices. Nunc egestas placerat elit, in semper velit dictum sed.\par
Ut a dui in arcu vehicula rhoncus. Donec ac eros orci. Phasellus porta sapien vitae metus condimentum posuere. Praesent justo magna, fringilla at blandit eu, dictum sed augue. In imperdiet tristique tellus, nec laoreet erat mattis dignissim. In hac habitasse platea dictumst. Nulla accumsan risus magna, at molestie justo molestie non. Morbi viverra, erat quis ornare gravida, orci sem porttitor dui, a semper dolor tortor ac ante. Nullam pulvinar nisl ut nunc pellentesque lacinia. Sed a elementum metus. Donec accumsan molestie nisl nec volutpat. Aliquam erat volutpat. Fusce sodales neque sit amet ipsum viverra luctus. Nunc pretium purus in dolor pretium auctor. Nam malesuada nec libero nec tincidunt. Ut sed elementum nisl, quis pretium mi.\par
Phasellus a lectus quis enim ultrices semper vitae interdum ante. Ut pellentesque nibh faucibus porta lobortis. Fusce egestas, nulla viverra tincidunt rhoncus, libero nisi iaculis neque, at mattis dui mauris id purus. Sed mollis faucibus arcu, vitae suscipit libero. Donec a arcu et massa molestie semper in at orci. Integer mollis fermentum magna, vel fermentum felis egestas in. Sed tempus semper lectus, vitae scelerisque eros accumsan nec. Duis sagittis elit enim, quis blandit purus elementum vitae. Maecenas nibh mauris, accumsan consectetur fringilla a, dictum eget sem. Sed leo arcu, consectetur eget tellus sit amet, auctor tempus eros. Phasellus auctor vulputate lorem et fermentum. Cras bibendum quam diam, non fermentum risus molestie rhoncus. Fusce porttitor fermentum pellentesque. Sed pulvinar ante id dui aliquam, quis ultrices lorem placerat. Maecenas venenatis euismod justo, tempor vestibulum mi hendrerit eu.\par
Proin ornare nisl urna, at iaculis sem semper at. Lorem ipsum dolor sit amet, consectetur adipiscing elit. Sed dictum turpis tortor, nec tincidunt mauris mollis elementum. Nunc ut velit at metus molestie tempus vitae at mauris. Maecenas augue magna, pharetra eu risus sit amet, sagittis mattis risus. Sed interdum dui id dapibus gravida. Suspendisse libero felis, auctor euismod neque id, consequat imperdiet ligula. Cras non ullamcorper est. In pulvinar volutpat magna, vel tristique sapien aliquet at. Donec posuere metus justo, eget pellentesque nibh tincidunt at. Quisque vel cursus sem. Aliquam porttitor pellentesque dui, nec rhoncus purus euismod a. Nullam eu quam aliquet orci suscipit imperdiet elementum eu justo. Morbi tortor libero, aliquam ut ante nec, ornare aliquam lorem. Pellentesque aliquam vitae tortor sit amet pellentesque.\par
Donec sed pretium lorem. Donec aliquet finibus quam eu tincidunt. Phasellus dapibus condimentum felis, non vestibulum sapien consectetur ac. Nunc hendrerit efficitur commodo. Donec non augue suscipit, sagittis risus ac, consequat mi. In sit amet commodo urna. Cras at ligula ultricies, tristique mi ut, commodo elit. Donec ornare ullamcorper risus quis porta. Sed accumsan, lorem sit amet facilisis euismod, leo ligula aliquet sapien, vitae convallis justo justo non ligula. Nunc varius, enim vel vestibulum accumsan, elit elit condimentum mauris, vitae commodo diam mauris nec justo. Curabitur tempor est ac urna hendrerit, sit amet scelerisque odio fringilla. In scelerisque euismod tellus a porta. Class aptent taciti sociosqu ad litora torquent per conubia nostra, per inceptos himenaeos. Cras viverra quam at velit malesuada accumsan. Fusce tempus diam et pretium congue. Sed non rutrum nibh.\par
Cras vestibulum rhoncus ultricies. Integer vulputate, nunc eget pulvinar ultricies, tellus magna iaculis tellus, sit amet aliquet enim dolor condimentum nisi. Proin ornare eget dolor eget efficitur. Sed eget velit rutrum, varius ante eleifend, finibus nisl. Sed vel ante velit. Etiam pretium, mi sed blandit finibus, tortor neque rutrum ipsum, ac scelerisque libero magna nec urna. Maecenas laoreet mauris sed diam luctus fermentum. Cras viverra porta erat vel cursus. Nulla facilisi. Vivamus dignissim, ligula eget pretium ornare, massa sem viverra quam, ut pulvinar velit metus id felis. Curabitur iaculis eros id tempus gravida. Curabitur sollicitudin, dolor sit amet tincidunt laoreet, arcu enim gravida diam, id ornare nisl lorem sed velit. Vivamus fermentum dapibus est sit amet tempus.\par
Suspendisse gravida aliquam feugiat. Quisque pharetra nibh risus, eget maximus massa ultrices at. Fusce bibendum, diam ut malesuada blandit, augue justo aliquet elit, at scelerisque nunc velit nec tortor. Aliquam gravida nulla non nibh auctor, et pellentesque lorem sodales. Praesent bibendum volutpat sem, vel tempor velit congue a. Etiam suscipit, tortor ut semper gravida, sem odio eleifend dui, eu rutrum mi enim nec ex. Vivamus eu varius dui. Donec id velit tortor. Nunc eu augue nibh. Nam in aliquam purus.\par
Morbi a lacinia elit. Nullam pharetra malesuada justo, sed porta turpis varius ac. Vestibulum vel mi ac erat consequat tincidunt. Ut neque lectus, elementum at varius ac, ultricies quis nulla. Phasellus egestas rutrum sapien sagittis interdum. Mauris ac consequat urna, ac lobortis sem. Interdum et malesuada fames ac ante ipsum primis in faucibus. Pellentesque scelerisque arcu tristique feugiat scelerisque.\par
Nam dignissim ornare dui eget porta. In finibus quis tellus sed cursus. Donec non odio at sapien luctus tristique id eu nibh. Donec sed posuere erat, vel auctor augue. In faucibus velit nec feugiat dignissim. Phasellus vitae sapien eu purus faucibus tincidunt. Curabitur dictum mauris ac velit varius, id ornare ligula rhoncus. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae; Vestibulum aliquam eros nunc, non consectetur sem sagittis vel. Sed faucibus tortor pulvinar scelerisque blandit. Praesent quis enim eu nulla aliquam luctus. Maecenas fringilla enim sit amet sapien sagittis, eget consectetur leo porta. Vivamus imperdiet, odio quis imperdiet tempus, tellus velit mattis odio, luctus dignissim tellus ex in dui. Nullam mauris nulla, dictum ac pharetra vitae, cursus sed urna. Sed laoreet mauris sed est aliquet condimentum bibendum molestie tellus.\par
Aliquam feugiat justo in sagittis laoreet. Donec hendrerit risus nisl, at pulvinar lectus maximus sit amet. Pellentesque ante ante, semper non tincidunt sed, convallis vel est. Proin porttitor ipsum at commodo dictum. Integer et lorem et dui pharetra dapibus. Fusce in velit quis nibh pharetra porta ac eget ex. Cras aliquam odio nec turpis tincidunt molestie. Aliquam posuere risus et urna varius, id iaculis massa egestas. Vivamus et neque at lectus suscipit vulputate ac vitae justo. Quisque fermentum nulla a elit blandit, commodo tincidunt nulla volutpat. In dictum blandit leo eget laoreet. Pellentesque at pellentesque lectus, eget maximus lacus. Maecenas sit amet justo quis lectus ultrices pretium. Sed quis mauris a ante ultrices feugiat non sed massa. Vestibulum ante ipsum primis in faucibus orci luctus et ultrices posuere cubilia Curae;\par
Proin fermentum velit dolor, a bibendum lacus pulvinar in. Nulla tincidunt mauris vel neque pharetra, at rhoncus nulla sodales. Sed mauris urna, auctor interdum tellus sed, feugiat fermentum velit. Phasellus diam purus, aliquam sed convallis sed, lacinia sit amet nunc. Vivamus porttitor ex at tincidunt finibus. Duis non ultrices libero, vehicula laoreet augue. Proin in venenatis lacus. Nam cursus tristique tellus, porta bibendum sapien egestas dignissim. Nam nec eros pulvinar, pellentesque tortor eu, rhoncus massa. Sed venenatis ut dolor id sodales. Vivamus malesuada molestie vehicula. Vivamus ante tortor, eleifend eu gravida quis, dignissim vitae purus. Ut pretium, nisl non mollis varius, lorem felis auctor nibh, et porta nulla turpis quis lacus. Mauris quis viverra massa.\par
Etiam maximus, eros sit amet lobortis sodales, lorem odio fermentum lorem, ac convallis lectus libero id dolor. Nunc fringilla magna vel facilisis volutpat. Nullam sit amet aliquet turpis, vitae elementum augue. Cras justo mauris, viverra non nibh vitae, condimentum imperdiet velit. Duis dictum scelerisque lectus ac tincidunt. Morbi et lorem accumsan, fermentum quam at, dictum justo. Sed a consequat sapien. Nulla a molestie lacus. Morbi et erat feugiat, consectetur velit rutrum, laoreet leo. Pellentesque faucibus mauris urna, id volutpat mauris lobortis ut. Suspendisse maximus mi vel enim mattis, a mollis enim pulvinar.\par
Vestibulum quam tellus, suscipit non libero volutpat, auctor mollis eros. Vivamus quis consectetur quam. Duis fringilla, ipsum sed dictum ultricies, tellus neque sagittis enim, id ullamcorper erat nulla a tellus. In efficitur aliquet congue. Aenean pulvinar pellentesque dui eget dictum. Donec eleifend porttitor augue, at consectetur arcu consequat sed. Vestibulum ac nulla id elit eleifend ultricies. Ut eu facilisis enim. Nam auctor odio a massa suscipit condimentum. Nunc in blandit justo. Morbi auctor auctor maximus. Quisque sed sem quis justo vulputate ullamcorper. Morbi placerat turpis nulla, id rutrum justo vulputate sit amet. Vivamus tempus est at diam tempor, at porta massa elementum. Mauris finibus posuere nisl in congue. Quisque rhoncus rhoncus erat.\par
Donec a arcu et magna mollis dignissim. Nulla facilisi. Praesent sed aliquam arcu. Pellentesque sapien mi, sagittis in nisi eget, volutpat vehicula lectus. Etiam sit amet venenatis justo. Sed leo magna, maximus et nunc id, mollis sollicitudin leo. Vestibulum vel dui dolor. Sed sit amet leo quis enim sagittis consectetur et id odio. Quisque viverra ante velit, non dictum arcu vestibulum id. Integer id convallis nulla. Cras ac leo vel ligula convallis tempor id et ex. Sed feugiat nisi tortor, sed molestie nisi congue ac. Proin ac justo tellus. Aenean in sollicitudin magna. In dictum eros ac neque auctor, et accumsan arcu consequat. Ut malesuada enim quam, in ullamcorper nunc vehicula a.\par
Nulla pellentesque posuere magna, vitae ultricies massa. Vivamus id enim mattis, tincidunt velit rutrum, suscipit eros. Sed nisi tortor, tempor ornare augue quis, maximus venenatis neque. Fusce venenatis orci in metus tempus dapibus eu ut enim. Nam congue, ante sit amet interdum egestas, lorem erat commodo nunc, ut tempus dui augue sollicitudin ante. Aliquam sit amet interdum purus. Nam dictum facilisis tortor at tristique.\par
Fusce eros tortor, eleifend id orci sit amet, ullamcorper pellentesque neque. Nam id arcu mauris. Donec pharetra quam nec condimentum porttitor. Cras lorem quam, viverra placerat elit eu, gravida ornare mi. Donec nec nisl sed ex pharetra suscipit at non nunc. In elementum rutrum mattis. Vestibulum efficitur ut odio eget tincidunt. Aenean porttitor, nisi vel molestie sagittis, tellus felis gravida ex, a pellentesque massa turpis eget quam. Vestibulum nec tristique sapien. Ut eget ultricies nisl, ac porta dolor. \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Todo List{\tc \v Todo List}\par \pard\plain 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHW}
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAA}
Namespace {\b Mixer}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: at start and stop make a rapid approach to 0 to avoid popping  \par}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAB}
Member {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >::get}  (const unsigned int &amount)\par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: pause function  \par}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAC}
Class {\b QueueBuffer< T >}  \par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: document after sorting buffers out  \par}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAD}
Member {\b QueueBuffer< T >::QueueBuffer}  (unsigned int cap)\par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: clean this up, jesus  \par}
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAE}
Member {\b VorbisDecoder::VorbisDecoder}  ()\par
}
{\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: errors and exceptions \par}
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Namespace Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Namespace Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Namespace List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here is a list of all documented namespaces with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b Clipping} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Consolidation} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataFlow} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b template_utils} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseIn} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseInOut} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseOut} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Hierarchical Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Hierarchical Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class Hierarchy\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid This inheritance list is sorted roughly, but not completely, alphabetically:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mixer::AudioSource\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::SimpleNote< T, A, D >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::SineGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
template_utils::extract_inner_base< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
template_utils::extract_inner_base< C< T > >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Clipping::Hard\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::iAudioBackend< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mixer::PortAudioBackend< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Consolidation::Accumulation< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Consolidation::Multiplication< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Mixer::iPlayer\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
DataFlow::iSource< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DataFlow::Consolidator< T, Consolidation::Accumulation >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DataFlow::Applicator< T, K >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DataFlow::Consolidator< T, K >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
DataFlow::iBuffer< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
QueueBuffer< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s73\li1080\sa21\sb21\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::SineGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Mixer::SimpleNote< T, A, D >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
OggFileLoader< T, K >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
DataFlow::iSource< float >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
DataFlow::Applicator< float, VolumeControl< T > >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
iTransitioner< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Transitioner< T, K >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
Clipping::Soft\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
TransitionFunction< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s72\li720\sa24\sb24\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
Transition::EaseIn::Cubic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseIn::Quartic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseIn::Quintic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseOut::Cubic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseOut::Quartic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::EaseOut::Quintic< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
Transition::Linear< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}\par
VolumeControl< T >\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
VorbisDecoder\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
VorbisEncoder\tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Index\par \pard\plain 
{\tc \v Class Index}
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Class List\par \pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid Here are the classes, structs, unions and interfaces with brief descriptions:}
{
\par
\pard\plain \s71\li360\sa27\sb27\widctlpar\tqr\tldot\tx8640\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b {\b Consolidation::Accumulation< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataFlow::Applicator< T, K >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::AudioSource} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataFlow::Consolidator< T, K >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseIn::Cubic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseOut::Cubic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b template_utils::extract_inner_base< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b template_utils::extract_inner_base< C< T > >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Clipping::Hard} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::iAudioBackend< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataFlow::iBuffer< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::iPlayer} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b iTransitioner< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::Linear< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Consolidation::Multiplication< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b OggFileLoader< T, K >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::PortAudioBackend< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quartic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quartic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b QueueBuffer< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quintic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quintic< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAHT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::SimpleNote< T, A, D >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::SineGenerator< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Clipping::Soft} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Transitioner< T, K >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b TransitionFunction< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b VolumeControl< T >} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b VorbisDecoder} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
{\b {\b VorbisEncoder} } \tab {\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}
\par
\par}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Namespace Documentation\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Clipping Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Clipping}
{\xe \v Clipping}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACY}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Hard}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Soft}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Contains classes implementing clipping methods.\par
Must implement them for singe values and vectors of values with arbitary length. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Consolidation Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Consolidation}
{\xe \v Consolidation}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADB}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Accumulation}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Multiplication}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Classes implementing consolidation methods, used by consolidators.\par
{\b Consolidation} Methods should implement the iConsolidationMethod interface. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataFlow Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataFlow}
{\xe \v DataFlow}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADN}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Applicator}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Consolidator}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b iBuffer}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b iConsolidationMethod}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b iSource}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Contains classes pertaining to the control of flow and application of transformers of data. Made to be as generic as possible. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer}
{\xe \v Mixer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEJ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b AudioSource}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b CheapSawtoothGenerator}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b CheapSquareGenerator}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b ComplexWaveformGenerator}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b iAudioBackend}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b iPlayer}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b iWaveformGenerator}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b PortAudioBackend}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b SawtoothGenerator}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b SimpleNote}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b SimplePlayer}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b SineGenerator}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b SquareGenerator}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b TriangleGenerator}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Namespace for classes specializing in generating, mixing and playing audio streams.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Todo:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: at start and stop make a rapid approach to 0 to avoid popping \par
}
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
template_utils Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v template_utils}
{\xe \v template_utils}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGZ}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b extract_inner_base}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
struct {\b extract_inner_base< C< T > >}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedefs\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T > using {\b extract_inner} = typename {\b extract_inner_base}< T >::type\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Namespace for template metaprogramming utilities. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Typedef Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v extract_inner\:template_utils}
{\xe \v template_utils\:extract_inner}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > using {\b template_utils::extract_inner} = typedef typename {\b extract_inner_base}<T>::type}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This will extract the template parameter of template parameter T For example, if you have A with <typename t>=""> and B with <typename k>="">, and make an A<B<float>>, then in A extract_inner<T> will evaluate to K or float in this case. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition}
{\xe \v Transition}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHD}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Namespaces\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
 {\b EaseIn}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
 {\b EaseInOut}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
 {\b EaseOut}\par
}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Linear}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Namespace containing {\b TransitionFunction} implementations.\par
This namespace contains {\b TransitionFunction} implementations, grouped in sub-namespaces by the graph they describe. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseIn Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseIn}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHF}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Cubic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Quadratic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Quartic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Quintic}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Ease-in transitions.\par
The transitions accelerate at the start. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseInOut Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseInOut}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHK}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Cubic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Quadratic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Quartic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Quintic}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Ease-in-out transitions.\par
The transitions accelerates at the start, reaches peak acceleration in the middle and decelerates at the end. \par
}}
\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseOut Namespace Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseOut}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHP}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Classes\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Cubic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Quadratic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Quartic}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
class {\b Quintic}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Ease-out transitions.\par
The transitions decelerate at the end. \par
}}

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
Class Documentation{\tc \v Class Documentation}
\par \pard\plain 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Consolidation::Accumulation< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Consolidation::Accumulation< T >}
{\xe \v Consolidation::Accumulation< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADC}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ConsolidationMethods.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Consolidation::Accumulation< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classConsolidation_1_1Accumulation__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Consolidation::Accumulation< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An element in the resulting vector will be the sum of all the elements in the same positions.\par
For example: [1,2][1,2][2,2] -> [4,6] \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b init} (const std::vector< T > &initial)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b add} (const std::vector< T > &vector)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v add\:Consolidation::Accumulation}
{\xe \v Consolidation::Accumulation\:add}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > bool {\b Consolidation::Accumulation}< T >::add (const std::vector< T > &  {\i vector}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Add a vector to the consolidation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i vector} \cell }{the vector to add \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether adding the vector was successful \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v get\:Consolidation::Accumulation}
{\xe \v Consolidation::Accumulation\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b Consolidation::Accumulation}< T >::get (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the result of the consolidation. Only usable once. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the result of the consolidation \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v init\:Consolidation::Accumulation}
{\xe \v Consolidation::Accumulation\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > bool {\b Consolidation::Accumulation}< T >::init (const std::vector< T > &  {\i initial}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the consolidation with the first vector. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i initial} \cell }{the initializing vector \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether initialization was successful \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/ConsolidationMethods.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/consolidation_methods.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataFlow::Applicator< T, K > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataFlow::Applicator< T, K >}
{\xe \v DataFlow::Applicator< T, K >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADO}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Applicator.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for DataFlow::Applicator< T, K >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classDataFlow_1_1Applicator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T, typename K>\par
class DataFlow::Applicator< T, K >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A class that applies a functor of type K to the attached {\b iSource} of type T\par
Must initialize the source pointer with {\b attach()}! \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
K & {\b getMethod} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b attach} ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &source)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v attach\:DataFlow::Applicator}
{\xe \v DataFlow::Applicator\:attach}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T, typename K> void {\b DataFlow::Applicator}< T, K >::attach ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &  {\i source}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Attach the parameter as this object's source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{the iSource<T> to attach \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v get\:DataFlow::Applicator}
{\xe \v DataFlow::Applicator\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T, typename K> std::vector<T> {\b DataFlow::Applicator}< T, K >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getMethod\:DataFlow::Applicator}
{\xe \v DataFlow::Applicator\:getMethod}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T, typename K> K& {\b DataFlow::Applicator}< T, K >::getMethod (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a reference to the method instance used.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the reference \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/Applicator.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::AudioSource Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::AudioSource}
{\xe \v Mixer::AudioSource}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEK}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <AudioSource.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::AudioSource:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1AudioSource__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Abstract}  class used to mark sources supplying audio data.\par
Contains properties which describes the audio stream supplied. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned int {\b getChannels} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned int {\b getSampleRate} () const\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getChannels\:Mixer::AudioSource}
{\xe \v Mixer::AudioSource\:getChannels}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned int Mixer::AudioSource::getChannels () const{\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the channel count. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the channel count \par
}}}
{\xe \v getSampleRate\:Mixer::AudioSource}
{\xe \v Mixer::AudioSource\:getSampleRate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned int Mixer::AudioSource::getSampleRate () const{\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sample rate. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the sample rate \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/AudioSource.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEN}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <CheapSawtoothGenerator.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1CheapSawtoothGenerator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A source that provides a continous sawtooth wave with the set frequency.\par
WARNING!**\par
This generator is extremely efficient but the frequency is imprecise. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b getFrequency} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency, const float &seconds, std::string method="linear", const unsigned int &degree=2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b CheapSawtoothGenerator} (const float &frequency, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CheapSawtoothGenerator\:Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator\:CheapSawtoothGenerator}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}< T >::{\b CheapSawtoothGenerator} (const float &  {\i frequency}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Sets initial properties and requires {\b AudioSource} parameters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the initial frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{the channel count \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sample rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get\:Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}< T >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getFrequency\:Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator\:getFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > float {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}< T >::getFrequency () const{\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the current frequency. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the current frequency \par
}}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAER}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAER}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency without any transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAES \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}, const float &  {\i seconds}, std::string  {\i method} = {\f2 "linear"}, const unsigned int &  {\i degree} = {\f2 2}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAET}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAET}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency with the desired transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{the length of transition in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{the method of transition\cell }
{\row }
}
possible values:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
linear\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-out\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in-out\par}
Possibly more values in {\b Transition} namespace.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i degree} \cell }{the exponential degree of the transition method (if applicable) \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/CheapSawtoothGenerator.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/cheap_sawtooth_generator.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEV}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <CheapSquareGenerator.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1CheapSquareGenerator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A source that provides a continous square wave with the set frequency.\par
WARNING!**\par
This generator is extremely efficient but the frequency is imprecise. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b getFrequency} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency, const float &seconds, std::string method="linear", const unsigned int &degree=2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b CheapSquareGenerator} (const float &frequency, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v CheapSquareGenerator\:Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator\:CheapSquareGenerator}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}< T >::{\b CheapSquareGenerator} (const float &  {\i frequency}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Sets initial properties and requires {\b AudioSource} parameters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the initial frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{the channel count \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sample rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get\:Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}< T >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAED}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAED}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getFrequency\:Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator\:getFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > float {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}< T >::getFrequency () const{\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the current frequency. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the current frequency \par
}}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency without any transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAES \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}, const float &  {\i seconds}, std::string  {\i method} = {\f2 "linear"}, const unsigned int &  {\i degree} = {\f2 2}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency with the desired transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{the length of transition in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{the method of transition\cell }
{\row }
}
possible values:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
linear\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-out\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in-out\par}
Possibly more values in {\b Transition} namespace.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i degree} \cell }{the exponential degree of the transition method (if applicable) \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/CheapSquareGenerator.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/cheap_square_generator.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFA}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ComplexWaveformGenerator.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1ComplexWaveformGenerator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
This class will provide a custom waveform by utilizing spectral synthesis.\par
Every waveform can be made by combining sinusoids with varying frequencies and amplitudes. These sinusoids are also called components. Each set of components defines a unique waveform. This set is also known as the waveform's spectrum.\par
If all components of a wave are known, adding the components together will perfectly reproduce the wave. This is known as spectral or Fourier synthesis. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b getComponent} (const float &frequency)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setComponent} (const float &frequency, const float &volume)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setComponent} (const float &frequency, const float &volume, const float &seconds, std::string method="linear", const unsigned int &degree=2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b ComplexWaveformGenerator} (const std::vector< std::pair< float, T >> &components, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v ComplexWaveformGenerator\:Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator\:ComplexWaveformGenerator}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > {\b Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}< T >::{\b ComplexWaveformGenerator} (const std::vector< std::pair< float, T >> &  {\i components}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Requires the sinusoid components and {\b AudioSource} parameters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i components} \cell }{a vector of frequency and volume pairs, each pair describes a sinusoid \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{the channel count \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sample rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get\:Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}< T >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getComponent\:Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator\:getComponent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}< T >::getComponent (const float &  {\i frequency})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Returns the volume of a selected frequency. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the frequency of the component \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the volume of the component \par
}}}
{\xe \v setComponent\:Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator\:setComponent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}< T >::setComponent (const float &  {\i frequency}, const float &  {\i volume})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the volume of a component or add a new component. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the frequency of the component \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i volume} \cell }{the desired volume \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setComponent\:Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator\:setComponent}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator}< T >::setComponent (const float &  {\i frequency}, const float &  {\i volume}, const float &  {\i seconds}, std::string  {\i method} = {\f2 "linear"}, const unsigned int &  {\i degree} = {\f2 2})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the volume of the component with the desired transition. The waveform must already contain this frequency. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the frequency of the component to change \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i volume} \cell }{the desired volume \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{the length of transition in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{the method of transition\cell }
{\row }
}
possible values:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
linear\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-out\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in-out\par}
Possibly more values in {\b Transition} namespace.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i degree} \cell }{the exponential degree of the transition method (if applicable) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/ComplexWaveformGenerator.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/complex_waveform_generator.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataFlow::Consolidator< T, K > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataFlow::Consolidator< T, K >}
{\xe \v DataFlow::Consolidator< T, K >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADS}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Consolidator.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for DataFlow::Consolidator< T, K >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classDataFlow_1_1Consolidator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T, template< typename > typename K>\par
class DataFlow::Consolidator< T, K >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Consolidates multiple sources into a single one.\par
The template parameter K is the method with which the source consolidation is performed. The type of consolidation must match the type of the consolidator. See the {\b Consolidation} namespace for implemented methods. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b attach} ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &source)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b detach} ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &source)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
K< T > & {\b getMethod} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v attach\:DataFlow::Consolidator}
{\xe \v DataFlow::Consolidator\:attach}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T, template< typename > typename K> void {\b DataFlow::Consolidator}< T, K >::attach ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &  {\i source}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Attach the parameter to this object's sources. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{the iSource<T> to attach \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v detach\:DataFlow::Consolidator}
{\xe \v DataFlow::Consolidator\:detach}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T, template< typename > typename K> bool {\b DataFlow::Consolidator}< T, K >::detach ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &  {\i source}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Remove the parameter from this object's sources. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{the iSource<T> to detach \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v get\:DataFlow::Consolidator}
{\xe \v DataFlow::Consolidator\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T, template< typename > typename K> std::vector<T> {\b DataFlow::Consolidator}< T, K >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getMethod\:DataFlow::Consolidator}
{\xe \v DataFlow::Consolidator\:getMethod}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T, template< typename > typename K> K<T>& {\b DataFlow::Consolidator}< T, K >::getMethod (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get a reference to the consolidation method instance used.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the reference \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/Consolidator.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseIn::Cubic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseIn::Cubic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Cubic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHG}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseIn::Cubic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseIn_1_1Cubic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseIn::Cubic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Cubic} ease-in transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseIn::Cubic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Cubic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseIn::Cubic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseIn::Cubic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Cubic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseIn::Cubic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseOut::Cubic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseOut::Cubic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Cubic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHQ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseOut::Cubic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseOut_1_1Cubic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseOut::Cubic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Cubic} ease-out transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseOut::Cubic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Cubic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseOut::Cubic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseOut::Cubic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Cubic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseOut::Cubic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHL}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseInOut_1_1Cubic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Cubic} ease-in-out transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
template_utils::extract_inner_base< T > Struct Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v template_utils::extract_inner_base< T >}
{\xe \v template_utils::extract_inner_base< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHB}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/Utils.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
template_utils::extract_inner_base< C< T > > Struct Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v template_utils::extract_inner_base< C< T > >}
{\xe \v template_utils::extract_inner_base< C< T > >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHC}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this struct was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/Utils.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Clipping::Hard Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Clipping::Hard}
{\xe \v Clipping::Hard}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACZ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Clipping.h>}}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Hard} clipping implementation. Values above or below the limits get clipped to the limits. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/Clipping.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::iAudioBackend< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::iAudioBackend< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::iAudioBackend< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFF}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <iAudioBackend.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::iAudioBackend< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1iAudioBackend__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Mixer::iAudioBackend< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Interface for different audio backends. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b init} ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &source, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)=0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Mixer::iAudioBackend}
{\xe \v Mixer::iAudioBackend\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual bool {\b Mixer::iAudioBackend}< T >::init ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &  {\i source}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initializes the audio backend into a playable state. Should not begin playing. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{the source of the audio data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{the channel count of the audio data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sample rate of the audio data \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid wether initialization was successful \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Mixer::PortAudioBackend< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/iAudioBackend.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataFlow::iBuffer< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataFlow::iBuffer< T >}
{\xe \v DataFlow::iBuffer< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADX}
Inheritance diagram for DataFlow::iBuffer< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classDataFlow_1_1iBuffer__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual int {\b add} (std::vector< T > &_buffer)=0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v add\:DataFlow::iBuffer}
{\xe \v DataFlow::iBuffer\:add}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual int {\b DataFlow::iBuffer}< T >::add (std::vector< T > &  {\i _buffer}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds argument to buffer. Returns elements consumed. \par
}{
Implemented in {\b QueueBuffer< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/iBuffer.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >}
{\xe \v DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADY}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <iConsolidationMethod.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classDataFlow_1_1iConsolidationMethod__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Interface required for consolidation methods used by {\b Consolidator}.\par
For implemented consolidation methods see the {\b Consolidation} namespace. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b init} (const std::vector< T > &initial)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b add} (const std::vector< T > &vector)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual std::vector< T > {\b get} ()=0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v add\:DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod}
{\xe \v DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod\:add}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual bool {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod}< T >::add (const std::vector< T > &  {\i vector}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Add a vector to the consolidation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i vector} \cell }{the vector to add \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether adding the vector was successful \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Consolidation::Multiplication< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b Consolidation::Accumulation< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v get\:DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod}
{\xe \v DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual std::vector<T> {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod}< T >::get (){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the result of the consolidation. Only usable once. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the result of the consolidation \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Consolidation::Multiplication< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b Consolidation::Accumulation< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v init\:DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod}
{\xe \v DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual bool {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod}< T >::init (const std::vector< T > &  {\i initial}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the consolidation with the first vector. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i initial} \cell }{the initializing vector \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether initialization was successful \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Consolidation::Multiplication< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b Consolidation::Accumulation< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/iConsolidationMethod.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::iPlayer Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::iPlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::iPlayer}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFI}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <iPlayer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::iPlayer:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1iPlayer__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Interface describing basic audio player functionality. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b pause} ()=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b stop} ()=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual bool {\b play} ()=0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v pause\:Mixer::iPlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::iPlayer\:pause}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool Mixer::iPlayer::pause (){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Pause playback.Idempotent. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true on success, false on error \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v play\:Mixer::iPlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::iPlayer\:play}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool Mixer::iPlayer::play (){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts playback. Idempotent. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true on success, false on error \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v stop\:Mixer::iPlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::iPlayer\:stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
virtual bool Mixer::iPlayer::stop (){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops playback, resetting state. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true on success, false on error \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/iPlayer.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
DataFlow::iSource< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v DataFlow::iSource< T >}
{\xe \v DataFlow::iSource< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADZ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <iSource.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for DataFlow::iSource< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classDataFlow_1_1iSource__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class DataFlow::iSource< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Interface for a source of data of type T in the data flow. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)=0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get\:DataFlow::iSource}
{\xe \v DataFlow::iSource\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T> virtual std::vector<T> {\b DataFlow::iSource}< T >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Mixer::SimpleNote< T, A, D >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b OggFileLoader< T, K >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b DataFlow::Consolidator< T, K >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b DataFlow::Consolidator< T, Consolidation::Accumulation >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::ComplexWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAED \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b QueueBuffer< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SineGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b DataFlow::Applicator< T, K >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b DataFlow::Applicator< float, VolumeControl< T > >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/iSource.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
iTransitioner< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v iTransitioner< T >}
{\xe \v iTransitioner< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAF}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <iTransitioner.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for iTransitioner< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classiTransitioner__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class iTransitioner< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Interface defining the functionality of the {\b Transitioner}.\par
Use an {\b iTransitioner} pointer as data member in order to switch {\b TransitionFunction} at runtime. For an example see SineGenerator. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b step} (const float &amount)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b init} (const T &startValue, const T &endValue, const float &endTime)=0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:iTransitioner}
{\xe \v iTransitioner\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual void {\b iTransitioner}< T >::init (const T &  {\i startValue}, const T &  {\i endValue}, const float &  {\i endTime}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the internal state of the transition function. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i startValue} \cell }{the start value, where we transition {\b from}  \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i endValue} \cell }{the end value, where we transition {\b to}  \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i endTime} \cell }{the position where value will reach endValue \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implemented in {\b Transitioner< T, K >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v step\:iTransitioner}
{\xe \v iTransitioner\:step}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual void {\b iTransitioner}< T >::step (const float &  {\i amount}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Step the internal state forward on the transition function, changing the attached variable. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount to step with \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implemented in {\b Transitioner< T, K >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/iTransitioner.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFP}
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1iWaveformGenerator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual float {\b getFrequency} () const =0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency, const float &seconds, std::string method="linear", const unsigned int &degree=2)=0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getFrequency\:Mixer::iWaveformGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::iWaveformGenerator\:getFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual float {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator}< T >::getFrequency () const{\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the current frequency. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the current frequency \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b Mixer::SineGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::iWaveformGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::iWaveformGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual void {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAES}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAES}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency without any transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implemented in {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAER \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b Mixer::SineGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::iWaveformGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::iWaveformGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual void {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}, const float &  {\i seconds}, std::string  {\i method} = {\f2 "linear"}, const unsigned int &  {\i degree} = {\f2 2}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency with the desired transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{the length of transition in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{the method of transition\cell }
{\row }
}
possible values:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
linear\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-out\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in-out\par}
Possibly more values in {\b Transition} namespace.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i degree} \cell }{the exponential degree of the transition method (if applicable) \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implemented in {\b Mixer::CheapSawtoothGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAET \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::CheapSquareGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b Mixer::SineGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAGB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/iWaveformGenerator.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::Linear< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::Linear< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::Linear< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHE}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::Linear< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1Linear__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::Linear< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Simple linear transition.\par
The transition keeps a constant speed. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::Linear}
{\xe \v Transition::Linear\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::Linear}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::Linear}
{\xe \v Transition::Linear\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::Linear}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Consolidation::Multiplication< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Consolidation::Multiplication< T >}
{\xe \v Consolidation::Multiplication< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADJ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <ConsolidationMethods.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Consolidation::Multiplication< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classConsolidation_1_1Multiplication__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Consolidation::Multiplication< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An element in the resulting vector will be the productum of all the elements in the same positions.\par
For example: [1,2][1,2][2,2] -> [2,8] \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b init} (const std::vector< T > &initial)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b add} (const std::vector< T > &vector)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v add\:Consolidation::Multiplication}
{\xe \v Consolidation::Multiplication\:add}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > bool {\b Consolidation::Multiplication}< T >::add (const std::vector< T > &  {\i vector}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Add a vector to the consolidation. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i vector} \cell }{the vector to add \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether adding the vector was successful \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v get\:Consolidation::Multiplication}
{\xe \v Consolidation::Multiplication\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b Consolidation::Multiplication}< T >::get (){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the result of the consolidation. Only usable once. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the result of the consolidation \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v init\:Consolidation::Multiplication}
{\xe \v Consolidation::Multiplication\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > bool {\b Consolidation::Multiplication}< T >::init (const std::vector< T > &  {\i initial}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the consolidation with the first vector. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i initial} \cell }{the initializing vector \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether initialization was successful \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iConsolidationMethod< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAADI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/ConsolidationMethods.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/consolidation_methods.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
OggFileLoader< T, K > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v OggFileLoader< T, K >}
{\xe \v OggFileLoader< T, K >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAK}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <OggFileLoader.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for OggFileLoader< T, K >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classOggFileLoader__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T, typename K>\par
class OggFileLoader< T, K >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class for reading OGG encoded files. Template type K is the decoder this instance will use.\par
Usage:{
\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
1.\tab open file with {\b open()}\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
2.\tab initialize with {\b init()}\par
\pard\plain \s90\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\fs20\cgrid 
3.\tab the loader instance is ready to be read from with get(amount) \par}
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b open} (const std::string &_filename)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b init} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b close} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b clear} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
const K & {\b getDecoder} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v clear\:OggFileLoader}
{\xe \v OggFileLoader\:clear}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , typename K > void {\b OggFileLoader}< T, K >::clear ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Clear the ogg stream state. \par
}}
{\xe \v close\:OggFileLoader}
{\xe \v OggFileLoader\:close}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , typename K > bool {\b OggFileLoader}< T, K >::close ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Close file and source. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether operation was successful \par
}}}
{\xe \v get\:OggFileLoader}
{\xe \v OggFileLoader\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , typename K > std::vector< T > {\b OggFileLoader}< T, K >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getDecoder\:OggFileLoader}
{\xe \v OggFileLoader\:getDecoder}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , typename K > const K & {\b OggFileLoader}< T, K >::getDecoder ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An acces point to the decoder instance used by this loader instance. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a constant reference to the decoder instance \par
}}}
{\xe \v init\:OggFileLoader}
{\xe \v OggFileLoader\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T, typename K> int {\b OggFileLoader}< T, K >::init ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initializes the instance for reading from. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid error code from decoder \par
}}}
{\xe \v open\:OggFileLoader}
{\xe \v OggFileLoader\:open}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , typename K > bool {\b OggFileLoader}< T, K >::open (const std::string &  {\i _filename})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Open file. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether operation was successful \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/OggFileLoader.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/ogg_file_loader.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::PortAudioBackend< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::PortAudioBackend< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::PortAudioBackend< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGC}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <PortAudioBackend.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::PortAudioBackend< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1PortAudioBackend__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Mixer::PortAudioBackend< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
An endpoint with PortAudio backend\par
This class utilizes the cross-platform audio backend PortAudio to play data from an iSource. \par
The {\b init()} function must be called before starting playback with the {\b start()} function. The source must contain the audio data already multiplexed. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b init} ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &source, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b start} (){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGD}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Start playing from the attached source. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b stop} (){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGE}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stop playing. Idempotent. }{
}\par
}}
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 

bool {\b close} (){\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGF}
\par
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid {\i {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Close stream. Reopen with {\b init()}. }{
}\par
}}
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Mixer::PortAudioBackend}
{\xe \v Mixer::PortAudioBackend\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > bool {\b Mixer::PortAudioBackend}< T >::init ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &  {\i source}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the backend with the parameters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{the object supplying audio data \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{channel count \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{sample rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iAudioBackend< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/PortAudioBackend.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/portaudio_backend.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHM}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseInOut_1_1Quadratic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Quadratic} ease-in-out transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHR}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseOut_1_1Quadratic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Quadratic} ease-out transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHH}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseIn_1_1Quadratic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Quadratic} ease-in transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseIn::Quartic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseIn::Quartic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Quartic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHI}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseIn::Quartic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseIn_1_1Quartic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseIn::Quartic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Quartic} ease-in transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseIn::Quartic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Quartic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quartic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseIn::Quartic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Quartic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quartic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHN}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseInOut_1_1Quartic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Quartic} ease-in-out transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABC}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseOut::Quartic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseOut::Quartic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Quartic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHS}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseOut::Quartic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseOut_1_1Quartic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseOut::Quartic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Quartic} ease-out transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseOut::Quartic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Quartic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quartic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseOut::Quartic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Quartic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quartic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
QueueBuffer< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v QueueBuffer< T >}
{\xe \v QueueBuffer< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAS}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <QueueBuffer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for QueueBuffer< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classQueueBuffer__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class QueueBuffer< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Todo:\par}\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: document after sorting buffers out \par
}
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b QueueBuffer} (unsigned int cap)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b add} (std::vector< T > &_buffer)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v QueueBuffer\:QueueBuffer}
{\xe \v QueueBuffer\:QueueBuffer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > {\b QueueBuffer}< T >::{\b QueueBuffer} (unsigned int  {\i _capacity})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Todo:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: clean this up, jesus \par
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v add\:QueueBuffer}
{\xe \v QueueBuffer\:add}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > int {\b QueueBuffer}< T >::add (std::vector< T > &  {\i _buffer}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Adds argument to buffer. Returns elements consumed. \par
}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iBuffer< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v get\:QueueBuffer}
{\xe \v QueueBuffer\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b QueueBuffer}< T >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/QueueBuffer.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/queue_buffer.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHO}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseInOut_1_1Quintic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Quintic} ease-in-out transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseIn::Quintic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseIn::Quintic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Quintic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHJ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseIn::Quintic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseIn_1_1Quintic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseIn::Quintic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Quintic} ease-in transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseIn::Quintic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Quintic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quintic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseIn::Quintic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseIn::Quintic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quintic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transition::EaseOut::Quintic< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transition::EaseOut::Quintic< T >}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Quintic< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAHT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAHT}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunctions.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transition::EaseOut::Quintic< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransition_1_1EaseOut_1_1Quintic__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Transition::EaseOut::Quintic< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Quintic} ease-out transition. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b operator()} (const float &x)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transition::EaseOut::Quintic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Quintic\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quintic}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:Transition::EaseOut::Quintic}
{\xe \v Transition::EaseOut::Quintic\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quintic}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implements {\b TransitionFunction< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunctions.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGG}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <SawtoothGenerator.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1SawtoothGenerator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Mixer::SawtoothGenerator< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A source that provides a continous sawtooth wave with the set frequency.\par
The {\b harmonics}  constructor parameter determines the quality of the waveform. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b getFrequency} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency, const float &seconds, std::string method="linear", const unsigned int &degree=2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SawtoothGenerator} (const float &frequency, const unsigned int &harmonics, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SawtoothGenerator\:Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SawtoothGenerator\:SawtoothGenerator}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}< T >::{\b SawtoothGenerator} (const float &  {\i frequency}, const unsigned int &  {\i harmonics}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Sets initial properties and requires {\b AudioSource} parameters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the initial frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i harmonics} \cell }{the number of harmonic frequencies \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{the channel count \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sample rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get\:Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SawtoothGenerator\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}< T >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getFrequency\:Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SawtoothGenerator\:getFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > float {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}< T >::getFrequency () const{\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the current frequency. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the current frequency \par
}}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SawtoothGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency without any transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAES \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SawtoothGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::SawtoothGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}, const float &  {\i seconds}, std::string  {\i method} = {\f2 "linear"}, const unsigned int &  {\i degree} = {\f2 2}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency with the desired transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{the length of transition in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{the method of transition\cell }
{\row }
}
possible values:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
linear\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-out\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in-out\par}
Possibly more values in {\b Transition} namespace.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i degree} \cell }{the exponential degree of the transition method (if applicable) \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/SawtoothGenerator.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/sawtooth_generator.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::SimpleNote< T, A, D > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::SimpleNote< T, A, D >}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimpleNote< T, A, D >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGI}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <SimpleNote.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::SimpleNote< T, A, D >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1SimpleNote__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T, template< typename > typename A, template< typename > typename D>\par
class Mixer::SimpleNote< T, A, D >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Provides a repeating pattern defined with a waveform and an amplitude envelope.\par
The amplitude envelope is made of 3 segments:{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
the {\b attack} , where the amplitude goes from 0 to 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
the {\b steady state} , where amplitude is constantly 1\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
the {\b decay} , where the amplitude goes from 1 to 0\par}
The attack and decay are calculated using a {\b TransitionFunction} for each. They can be set by the template parameters A for attack and D for decay respecively.\par
To set the speed of the transitions, use {\b setAttack()} and {\b setDecay()} with the {\b percentage}  of the note where you want the attack to end or the decay to start.\par
An iSource is also needed to be supplied with {\b attach()} to give the note it's waveform.\par
After providing these 3 attributes, call {\b bakeNote()} to fill the internal buffer with the audio data. {\b This must be done before requesting the audio data!} \par
Usage example:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s40\li0\widctlpar\adjustright \shading1000\cbpat8 \f2\fs16\cgrid Mixer::SawtoothGenerator<float> generator(80, 150, 2, 48000);\par
Mixer::SimpleNote<float,Transition::Linear,Transition::EaseOut::Cubic> note(0.2f,2,48000);\par
\par
note.attach(generator);\par
note.setAttack(0.1f);\par
note.setDecay(0.12f);\par
\par
note.bakeNote();\par
\par
std::vector<float> result = note.get(note.getLength());\par
}
\par
The vector {\i result}  now contains multiplexed audio data that is 0.2 seconds long, has a 80Hz sawtooth waveform, approaches it's maximum volume linearily, reaches that maximum volume at 10% of the length (0.02 seconds in this case) and begins the reduction of volume at 12% of the note's length, approaching 0 volume with a cubic ease-out function. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b attach} ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &generator)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setAttack} (const float &end)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setDecay} (const float &start)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b getLength} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b bakeNote} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b clear} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SimpleNote} (const float &lengthInSeconds, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SimpleNote\:Mixer::SimpleNote}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimpleNote\:SimpleNote}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename A, template< typename > typename D> {\b Mixer::SimpleNote}< T, A, D >::{\b SimpleNote} (const float &  {\i lengthInSeconds}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. The length of the note is static. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i lengthInSeconds} \cell }{the length of the note in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{the number of audio channels \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sampling rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v attach\:Mixer::SimpleNote}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimpleNote\:attach}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename A, template< typename > typename D> void {\b Mixer::SimpleNote}< T, A, D >::attach ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &  {\i generator}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Attach the parameter as this object's waveform source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{the iSource<T> to attach \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v bakeNote\:Mixer::SimpleNote}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimpleNote\:bakeNote}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename A, template< typename > typename D> bool {\b Mixer::SimpleNote}< T, A, D >::bakeNote (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Pre-bakes the note into an internal buffer.\par
Must be called before calling {\b get()}! \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether the baking was successful \par
}}}
{\xe \v clear\:Mixer::SimpleNote}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimpleNote\:clear}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename A, template< typename > typename D> void {\b Mixer::SimpleNote}< T, A, D >::clear (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Clears the internal state, so the next {\b get()} will begin with the start of the note. \par
}}
{\xe \v get\:Mixer::SimpleNote}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimpleNote\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename A, template< typename > typename D> std::vector<T> {\b Mixer::SimpleNote}< T, A, D >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getLength\:Mixer::SimpleNote}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimpleNote\:getLength}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename A, template< typename > typename D> int {\b Mixer::SimpleNote}< T, A, D >::getLength (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the length of the multiplexed note. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the length of the note \par
}}}
{\xe \v setAttack\:Mixer::SimpleNote}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimpleNote\:setAttack}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename A, template< typename > typename D> void {\b Mixer::SimpleNote}< T, A, D >::setAttack (const float &  {\i end}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the {\b percentage}  of the note where the value will begin it's approach to 1. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i start} \cell }{the start of the attack in percentage : range is **(0;1)** \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setDecay\:Mixer::SimpleNote}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimpleNote\:setDecay}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename A, template< typename > typename D> void {\b Mixer::SimpleNote}< T, A, D >::setDecay (const float &  {\i start}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the {\b percentage}  of the note where the value will begin it's approach to 0. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i start} \cell }{the start of the decay in percentage : range is **(0;1)** \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/SimpleNote.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGQ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <SimplePlayer.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1SimplePlayer__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T, template< typename > typename K>\par
class Mixer::SimplePlayer< T, K >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Simple implementation of an {\b iPlayer}. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b pause} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b stop} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b play} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b attach} ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &source)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SimplePlayer} (const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SimplePlayer\:Mixer::SimplePlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimplePlayer\:SimplePlayer}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename K> {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer}< T, K >::{\b SimplePlayer} (const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Requires parameters for {\b AudioSource}. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{channel count \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{sample rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v attach\:Mixer::SimplePlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimplePlayer\:attach}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename K> void {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer}< T, K >::attach ({\b DataFlow::iSource}< T > &  {\i source}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Attach the parameter as this object's source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i source} \cell }{the iSource<T> to attach \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v get\:Mixer::SimplePlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimplePlayer\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename K> std::vector<T> {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer}< T, K >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Todo:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: pause function \par
}
}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v pause\:Mixer::SimplePlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimplePlayer\:pause}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename K> bool {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer}< T, K >::pause (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Pause playback.Idempotent. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true on success, false on error \par
}}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iPlayer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v play\:Mixer::SimplePlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimplePlayer\:play}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename K> bool {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer}< T, K >::play (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Starts playback. Idempotent. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true on success, false on error \par
}}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iPlayer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v stop\:Mixer::SimplePlayer}
{\xe \v Mixer::SimplePlayer\:stop}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename > typename K> bool {\b Mixer::SimplePlayer}< T, K >::stop (){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Stops playback, resetting state. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid true on success, false on error \par
}}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iPlayer} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAFN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/SimplePlayer.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::SineGenerator< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::SineGenerator< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::SineGenerator< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGT}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <SineGenerator.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::SineGenerator< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1SineGenerator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Mixer::SineGenerator< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A source that provides a continous sine wave with the set frequency. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b getFrequency} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency, const float &seconds, std::string method="linear", const unsigned int &degree=2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SineGenerator} (const float &frequency, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SineGenerator\:Mixer::SineGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SineGenerator\:SineGenerator}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > {\b Mixer::SineGenerator}< T >::{\b SineGenerator} (const float &  {\i frequency}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Sets initial frequency and requires {\b AudioSource} parameters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the initial frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{the channel count \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sample rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get\:Mixer::SineGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SineGenerator\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b Mixer::SineGenerator}< T >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getFrequency\:Mixer::SineGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SineGenerator\:getFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > float {\b Mixer::SineGenerator}< T >::getFrequency () const{\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the current frequency. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the current frequency \par
}}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::SineGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SineGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::SineGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency without any transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAES \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::SineGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SineGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::SineGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}, const float &  {\i seconds}, std::string  {\i method} = {\f2 "linear"}, const unsigned int &  {\i degree} = {\f2 2}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGB}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGB}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency with the desired transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{the length of transition in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{the method of transition\cell }
{\row }
}
possible values:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
linear\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-out\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in-out\par}
Possibly more values in {\b Transition} namespace.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i degree} \cell }{the exponential degree of the transition method (if applicable) \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/SineGenerator.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/sine_generator.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Clipping::Soft Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Clipping::Soft}
{\xe \v Clipping::Soft}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAADA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAADA}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Clipping.h>}}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{\b Soft} clipping implementation. Values above or below 80% of the limits get reduced to never reach the limits. Similar to hyperbolic tangent function. \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/Clipping.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::SquareGenerator< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGV}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <SquareGenerator.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1SquareGenerator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Mixer::SquareGenerator< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A source that provides a continous square wave with the set frequency.\par
The {\b harmonics}  constructor parameter determines the quality of the waveform. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b getFrequency} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency, const float &seconds, std::string method="linear", const unsigned int &degree=2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b SquareGenerator} (const float &frequency, const unsigned int &harmonics, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v SquareGenerator\:Mixer::SquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SquareGenerator\:SquareGenerator}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator}< T >::{\b SquareGenerator} (const float &  {\i frequency}, const unsigned int &  {\i harmonics}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Sets initial properties and requires {\b AudioSource} parameters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the initial frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i harmonics} \cell }{the number of harmonic frequencies \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{the channel count \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sample rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get\:Mixer::SquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SquareGenerator\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator}< T >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getFrequency\:Mixer::SquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SquareGenerator\:getFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > float {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator}< T >::getFrequency () const{\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the current frequency. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the current frequency \par
}}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::SquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SquareGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency without any transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAES \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::SquareGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::SquareGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::SquareGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}, const float &  {\i seconds}, std::string  {\i method} = {\f2 "linear"}, const unsigned int &  {\i degree} = {\f2 2}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency with the desired transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{the length of transition in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{the method of transition\cell }
{\row }
}
possible values:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
linear\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-out\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in-out\par}
Possibly more values in {\b Transition} namespace.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i degree} \cell }{the exponential degree of the transition method (if applicable) \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/SquareGenerator.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/square_generator.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Transitioner< T, K > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Transitioner< T, K >}
{\xe \v Transitioner< T, K >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAX}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <Transitioner.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Transitioner< T, K >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransitioner__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T, template< typename >typename K>\par
class Transitioner< T, K >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class for transitioning the attached variable according to the {\b TransitionFunction}.\par
The variable must be passed as reference to the constructor.\par
To change the value of the variable use {\b step()}. This will move the internal state forward on the transition function.\par
The {\b TransitionFunction} to use is the template parameter K. See the {\b Transition} namespace for implementations. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b init} (const T &startValue, const T &endValue, const float &endTime)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b step} (const float &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b Transitioner} (T &referenceToVariable)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v Transitioner\:Transitioner}
{\xe \v Transitioner\:Transitioner}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename >typename K> {\b Transitioner}< T, K >::{\b Transitioner} (T &  {\i referenceToVariable}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i referenceToVariable} \cell }{the reference to the variable to transition \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:Transitioner}
{\xe \v Transitioner\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename >typename K> void {\b Transitioner}< T, K >::init (const T &  {\i startValue}, const T &  {\i endValue}, const float &  {\i endTime}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAH}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the internal state of the transition function. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i startValue} \cell }{the start value, where we transition {\b from}  \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i endValue} \cell }{the end value, where we transition {\b to}  \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i endTime} \cell }{the position where value will reach endValue \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b iTransitioner< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v step\:Transitioner}
{\xe \v Transitioner\:step}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T , template< typename >typename K> void {\b Transitioner}< T, K >::step (const float &  {\i amount}){\f2 [inline]}, {\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Step the internal state forward on the transition function, changing the attached variable. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount to step with \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b iTransitioner< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/Transitioner.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
TransitionFunction< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v TransitionFunction< T >}
{\xe \v TransitionFunction< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAAZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAAZ}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TransitionFunction.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for TransitionFunction< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classTransitionFunction__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class TransitionFunction< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Abstract base class for a functor class that constructs a transition function between two points.\par
See the {\b Transition} namespace for implementations. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual void {\b init} (const float &x1, const T &y1, const float &x2, const T &y2)=0\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
virtual T {\b operator()} (const float &x)=0\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v init\:TransitionFunction}
{\xe \v TransitionFunction\:init}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual void {\b TransitionFunction}< T >::init (const float &  {\i x1}, const T &  {\i y1}, const float &  {\i x2}, const T &  {\i y2}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABA}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABA}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the functor, constructing the desired function between the two given points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x1,y1} \cell }{coordinates for the starting point \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x2,y2} \cell }{coordinates for the end point \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implemented in {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABC \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABD \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABE \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quintic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABF \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quartic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABG \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseOut::Cubic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABH \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABI \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quintic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABJ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quartic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABK \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseIn::Cubic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABL \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABM \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b Transition::Linear< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABN \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v operator()\:TransitionFunction}
{\xe \v TransitionFunction\:operator()}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > virtual T {\b TransitionFunction}< T >::operator() (const float &  {\i x}){\f2 [pure virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAABO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAABO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the value at the given position. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i x} \cell }{the position \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the value at {\b x}  \par
}}{
Implemented in {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quintic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABP \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quartic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Cubic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABR \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseInOut::Quadratic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABS \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quintic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABT \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quartic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseOut::Cubic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABV \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseOut::Quadratic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABW \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quintic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABX \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quartic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABY \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseIn::Cubic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAABZ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), {\b Transition::EaseIn::Quadratic< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACA \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}), and {\b Transition::Linear< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAACB \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TransitionFunction.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >}
{\xe \v Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGX}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <TriangleGenerator.h>}}\par
Inheritance diagram for Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >:{
\pard\plain 
\par\pard \qc {\field\flddirty {\*\fldinst INCLUDEPICTURE "classMixer_1_1TriangleGenerator__inherit__graph.svg" \\d \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt IMAGE}}\par
}
\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class Mixer::TriangleGenerator< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A source that provides a continous Triangle wave with the set frequency.\par
The {\b harmonics}  constructor parameter determines the quality of the waveform. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< T > {\b get} (const unsigned int &amount)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
float {\b getFrequency} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setFrequency} (const float &frequency, const float &seconds, std::string method="linear", const unsigned int &degree=2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b TriangleGenerator} (const float &frequency, const unsigned int &harmonics, const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v TriangleGenerator\:Mixer::TriangleGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::TriangleGenerator\:TriangleGenerator}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator}< T >::{\b TriangleGenerator} (const float &  {\i frequency}, const unsigned int &  {\i harmonics}, const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAGY}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAGY}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Sets initial properties and requires {\b AudioSource} parameters. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the initial frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i harmonics} \cell }{the number of harmonic frequencies \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{the channel count \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sample rate \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v get\:Mixer::TriangleGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::TriangleGenerator\:get}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > std::vector< T > {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator}< T >::get (const unsigned int &  {\i amount}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAEF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAEF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get data from this source. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i amount} \cell }{the amount of type T to get \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid a vector of type {\b T}  and of size {\b amount}  containing the data \par
}}{
Implements {\b DataFlow::iSource< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAAO \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v getFrequency\:Mixer::TriangleGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::TriangleGenerator\:getFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > float {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator}< T >::getFrequency () const{\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFR}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the current frequency. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the current frequency \par
}}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEQ \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::TriangleGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::TriangleGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency without any transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAES \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\xe \v setFrequency\:Mixer::TriangleGenerator}
{\xe \v Mixer::TriangleGenerator\:setFrequency}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b Mixer::TriangleGenerator}< T >::setFrequency (const float &  {\i frequency}, const float &  {\i seconds}, std::string  {\i method} = {\f2 "linear"}, const unsigned int &  {\i degree} = {\f2 2}){\f2 [virtual]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAAFZ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAAFZ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the frequency with the desired transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i frequency} \cell }{the desired frequency \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{the length of transition in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{the method of transition\cell }
{\row }
}
possible values:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
linear\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-out\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in-out\par}
Possibly more values in {\b Transition} namespace.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i degree} \cell }{the exponential degree of the transition method (if applicable) \cell }
{\row }
}
}{
Implements {\b Mixer::iWaveformGenerator< T >} ({\i p.{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst PAGEREF AAAAAAAAEU \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt pagenum}}}).}\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/TriangleGenerator.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/triangle_generator.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
VolumeControl< T > Class Template Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v VolumeControl< T >}
{\xe \v VolumeControl< T >}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACC}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACC}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <VolumeControl.h>}}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
{
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
template<typename T>\par
class VolumeControl< T >\par
}

{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
A functor that acts as volume control when used with Applicator. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
T {\b getVolume} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setVolume} (const T &volume)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b setVolume} (const float &newVolume, const float &seconds, const int &valuesPerSecond, std::string method="linear", const unsigned int &degree=2)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b VolumeControl} (const T &volume)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v VolumeControl\:VolumeControl}
{\xe \v VolumeControl\:VolumeControl}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > {\b VolumeControl}< T >::{\b VolumeControl} (const T &  {\i volume}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACD}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACD}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Sets volume. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i volume} \cell }{the desired volume \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v getVolume\:VolumeControl}
{\xe \v VolumeControl\:getVolume}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > T {\b VolumeControl}< T >::getVolume (){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACE}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACE}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the current volume multiplier. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the volume multiplier \par
}}}
{\xe \v setVolume\:VolumeControl}
{\xe \v VolumeControl\:setVolume}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b VolumeControl}< T >::setVolume (const T &  {\i volume}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACF}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACF}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the volume multiplier. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i volume} \cell }{the desired volume \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v setVolume\:VolumeControl}
{\xe \v VolumeControl\:setVolume}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
template<typename T > void {\b VolumeControl}< T >::setVolume (const float &  {\i newVolume}, const float &  {\i seconds}, const int &  {\i valuesPerSecond}, std::string  {\i method} = {\f2 "linear"}, const unsigned int &  {\i degree} = {\f2 2}){\f2 [inline]}}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACG}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACG}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Set the volume with the desired transition. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i volume} \cell }{the desired volume \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i seconds} \cell }{the length of transition in seconds \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i valuesPerSecond} \cell }{the number of samples that will go through this object per second \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i method} \cell }{the method of transition\cell }
{\row }
}
possible values:{
\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
linear\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-out\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
ease-in-out\par}
Possibly more values in {\b Transition} namespace.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i degree} \cell }{the exponential degree of the transition method (if applicable) \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following file:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/VolumeControl.h\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
VorbisDecoder Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACH}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACH}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <VorbisDecoder.h>}}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class used for decoding Vorbis encoded data. \par
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b addToHeader} (ogg_packet &packet)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b initDecoding} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< std::string > {\b getComments} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::string {\b getVendor} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned int {\b getChannels} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
unsigned int {\b getSampleRate} () const\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
std::vector< float > {\b decode} (ogg_packet &packet)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b clear} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b VorbisDecoder} ()\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:VorbisDecoder}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
VorbisDecoder::VorbisDecoder ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACI}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACI}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Todo:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid TODO: errors and exceptions \par
}
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v addToHeader\:VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:addToHeader}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int VorbisDecoder::addToHeader (ogg_packet &  {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACJ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACJ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Add the ogg packet to header. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{the packet to add \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid error code from libvorbis \par
}}}
{\xe \v clear\:VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:clear}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void VorbisDecoder::clear ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACK}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACK}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Clear the Vorbis decoding state. \par
}}
{\xe \v decode\:VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:decode}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::vector< float > VorbisDecoder::decode (ogg_packet &  {\i packet})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACL}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACL}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Decode an OGG packet into multiplexed PCM data. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i packet} \cell }{the ogg packet to decode \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the decoded PCM data \par
}}}
{\xe \v getChannels\:VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:getChannels}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned int VorbisDecoder::getChannels () const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACM}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACM}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the channel count from the Vorbis header. The header needs to be complete. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the channel count \par
}}}
{\xe \v getComments\:VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:getComments}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::vector< std::string > VorbisDecoder::getComments () const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACN}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACN}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the comments from the Vorbis header. The header needs to be complete. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the comments \par
}}}
{\xe \v getSampleRate\:VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:getSampleRate}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
unsigned int VorbisDecoder::getSampleRate () const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACO}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACO}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the sample rate from the Vorbis header. The header needs to be complete. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the sample rate \par
}}}
{\xe \v getVendor\:VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:getVendor}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
std::string VorbisDecoder::getVendor () const}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACP}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACP}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Get the vendor string from the Vorbis header. The header needs to be complete. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid the vendor string \par
}}}
{\xe \v initDecoding\:VorbisDecoder}
{\xe \v VorbisDecoder\:initDecoding}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int VorbisDecoder::initDecoding ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACQ}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACQ}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the decoding state. The header needs to be complete. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid error code from libvorbis \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/VorbisDecoder.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/vorbis_decoder.cpp\par
}\par \pard\plain 

\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
\pard\plain \s2\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs28\kerning28\cgrid 
VorbisEncoder Class Reference\par \pard\plain 
{\tc\tcl2 \v VorbisEncoder}
{\xe \v VorbisEncoder}
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACR}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACR}
\par
{
{\f2 #include <VorbisEncoder.h>}}\par
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Detailed Description\par
\pard\plain 
{
\pard\plain \s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid {\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Class used for encoding data into OGG format, with Vorbis encoding.\par
Lossy encoding. Uses variable bitrate encoding.\par
Usage:\par
{
\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
open file with {\b open()}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
add comments to header with {\b addComment()}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b initEncoding()}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
add audio data with {\b add()}\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
when finished use {\b close()} \par}
}}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Public Member Functions\par
\pard\plain 

{
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b addComment} (const std::pair< std::string, std::string > &comment)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
int {\b initEncoding} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
void {\b add} (const std::vector< float > pcmData)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b open} (const std::string &filename)\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
bool {\b close} ()\par
\pard\plain \s80\fi-360\li360\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx360{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls1\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls1\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\b VorbisEncoder} (const unsigned int &channels, const unsigned int &sampleRate, const float &quality=1.0f)\par
}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Constructor & Destructor Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v VorbisEncoder\:VorbisEncoder}
{\xe \v VorbisEncoder\:VorbisEncoder}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
VorbisEncoder::VorbisEncoder (const unsigned int &  {\i channels}, const unsigned int &  {\i sampleRate}, const float &  {\i quality} = {\f2 1.0f})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACS}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACS}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Constructor. Requires the minimum information to begin encoding. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i channels} \cell }{number of channels \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i sampleRate} \cell }{the sampling rate \cell }
{\row }
\trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i quality} \cell }{the quality of the output file\cell }
{\row }
}
Possible range is {\b [-0.1f;1.0f]}  , where -0.1f is smallest file and lowest quality \par
}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
\pard\plain \s3\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\cgrid 
Member Function Documentation\par
\pard\plain 
{\xe \v add\:VorbisEncoder}
{\xe \v VorbisEncoder\:add}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void VorbisEncoder::add (const std::vector< float >  {\i pcmData})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACT}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACT}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Add audio data to the file. The data should be multiplex PCM with floating points. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i pcmData} \cell }{the data to add \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v addComment\:VorbisEncoder}
{\xe \v VorbisEncoder\:addComment}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
void VorbisEncoder::addComment (const std::pair< std::string, std::string > &  {\i comment})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACU}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACU}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Add the comment to the header.\par
Comments are a pair of strings, a key and a value.\par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i comment} \cell }{the comment to add \cell }
{\row }
}
}}
{\xe \v close\:VorbisEncoder}
{\xe \v VorbisEncoder\:close}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool VorbisEncoder::close ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACV}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACV}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Finalize the OGG data and close the opened file. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether the operation was successful \par
}}}
{\xe \v initEncoding\:VorbisEncoder}
{\xe \v VorbisEncoder\:initEncoding}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
int VorbisEncoder::initEncoding ()}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACW}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACW}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Initialize the encoding state. The header needs to be complete. \par
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid error code from libvorbis \par
}}}
{\xe \v open\:VorbisEncoder}
{\xe \v VorbisEncoder\:open}
\pard\plain \s4\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid {
{\b 
bool VorbisEncoder::open (const std::string &  {\i filename})}}
\par
{\bkmkstart AAAAAAAACX}
{\bkmkend AAAAAAAACX}
{
\pard\plain \s51\li360\sa60\sb30\qj\widctlpar\qj\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
{\s17\sa60\sb30\widctlpar\qj \fs22\cgrid 
Open a file to write the OGG data into. {\par
{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Parameters:\par}
\pard\plain \s61\li360\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid \trowd \trgaph108\trleft426\tblind426\trbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrr\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrh\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \trbrdrv\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx2187
\clvertalt\clbrdrt\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrl\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrb\brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \clbrdrr \brdrs\brdrw10\brdrcf15 \cltxlrtb \cellx8748
\pard \widctlpar\intbl\adjustright
{{\i filename} \cell }{the name of the output file \cell }
{\row }
}
{{\s5\sb90\sa30\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs20\cgrid 
Returns:\par}\pard\plain \s62\li720\widctlpar\ql\adjustright \fs20\cgrid whether the operation was successful \par
}}}
{\pard\widctlpar\brdrb\brdrs\brdrw5\brsp20 \adjustright \par}
The documentation for this class was generated from the following files:{\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/inc/VorbisEncoder.h\par
\pard\plain \s81\fi-360\li720\widctlpar\jclisttab\tx720{\*\pn \pnlvlbody\ilvl0\ls2\pnrnot0\pndec }\ls2\adjustright \fs20\cgrid 
/SharedWithWindows/Projects/szakdolgozat/src/vorbis_encoder.cpp\par
}
\pard\plain \sect\sbkpage
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid 
\s1\sb240\sa60\keepn\widctlpar\adjustright \b\f1\fs36\kerning36\cgrid Index\par 
\pard\plain 
{\tc \v Index}
{\field\fldedit {\*\fldinst INDEX \\c2 \\*MERGEFORMAT}{\fldrslt INDEX}}
}